hey this is blended money we are going
to see if we can get a peek at mrs. fire
truck I know where it is i've been
looking at response i'm going to get
close to it some good cricket understand
it looks nothing like it did when it was
the name
but just to give you an ideal of how big
some of the things they can be it
you find the store talk
this fire truck was completely in the
unit and it was a lot of other stuff is
how big this thing
hopefully I will be able to get close
and if I can't get close i'm just going
to do the
we will see
ok this is the place I'm gonna see ooh
ah can't get back there
you know what
I'm just gonna do this real quick ah I'm
not supposed to be doing this mother do
this really quick and there it is
it's a little trailer in front of it
let's see ah
that's the truck look how rusty is can
you imagine when that thing was all nice
and shiny oh I can here we go there we
go and get the back I'm about to get the
heck out of here oh that was awesome
that was freaking awesome okay let me
scoot
that was that I got what I needed all
right all right splendid I am heading
back to the Batcave I a lot to do but
been riding all day so I needed to ease
my mind and that was just a trick that
was funny as hell kind of excited I
almost felt like a kid breaking into
something but oh yes that's the fire
truck it's been there for years this was
maybe almost seven years ago that he
bought that that fire truck was inside
of the unit completely wasn't outside
and there was plenty of other stuff in
there it was auntie the guy was a
collector more likely he was probably a
member of the New York Fire Department
years ago and he brought that down here
and had it fully restored it still looks
really good faded can you imagine what
it looked like when it was
tell me that's the kind of stuff that
you can come across in the storage unit
it's not all this junk it's not always
crazy stuff and I just know when the
door was up and we saw it nila walk in
and go walk around it was just like wow
like a little kid but yeah that's the
fire truck said I was going to get it up
here so I did it today and with that
this is blending and making money with
storage unit are